Meeting Notes
We'll frequently held meetings throughout the sprint to collaborate on design and code.

After Sprint 1:

April 9 Tuesday 4:00-4:30pm
Delegate tasks for Spring 2. Jonanthan will keep working on Calendar and streak. Lisa will work on data visualization. Eric will work on chat. Iris on Journal Entry

April 12 Friday 3:00 - 4:15pm
Working meeting. Eric finished basic implementation for chat. Demonstrated for the rest of the team.

April 16 Tuesday 4:00 - 4:30pm 
Lisa and Iris worked together to implement GPT in journal Entry, coming up with the correct prompts for each task. Jonathan and Iris work together to create OldJournalFragment so that user can access previous journal entry from calendar. Eric continued to work on chat. 

April 19 Friday 3:00 - 4:15pm
Lisa meet with Emma and discussed on mistakes in Sprint 1 and possible ways for improvement.
Lisa and Jonathan worked together on retriveing mood data from firebase. Lisa implemented line chart and Jonanthan implemented mood icon in calendar. Eric worked on add profile feature in chat. Iris improved ui in Journal entry. 

April 21 Sunday 3:30 - 4:00 pm 
Went through all implemented features. Everyone worked on debugging and error prevention. Created presentation and practiced for T5 Presentation on Monday.

April 24 Wednesday 5:00 - 5:30pm
Testing and debugging before final submission. Improved UI and further error prevention.


March 15 Friday
We discussed our ideas and vision for the app. During our meeting, professor Selinski pointed out that 1) our app involves 
many different features and can be hard to implement, and 2) a lot of our planned features all depend on the user choosing 
to turn on AI. After our discussion, we decided that it doesn't really make sense for the user to turn off AI feature, so 
we removed this option. Also, we decided to move all the AI features to sprint 2, so that we can have a solid basis to build 
the AI interactions upon.


March 26 Tuesday
We discussed about potential starting points for our app. Johnathan pushed into our repo with a basic template with a login,
bottom navbar, and several pages. Also, we divided the workload:
- Jonathan will mainly work on the home page, which has a calendar view and the streak feature. 
- Eric will mainly work on user profile and AI profile, including creating the personality library and adapter
- Lisa will mainly work on login and signup, as well as general configuring and authentication using firebase
- Iris will mainly work on journaling, which has prompt suggestion feature and a journal entry


March 29 Friday
We discussed with our mentor about our current progress. We have each page setup, but implementing a lot of the features
were challenging. We also ran into issues with git merge, as well as dependency issues related to google services. We
worked on merging everything as a group, and updated our main branch to reflect our current progress. The main pending
tasks include integrating firebase with our data storage, and integrating multiple parts, namely calendar and journal
entries. We also ran into issues with the screen size, as we designed around Pixel 3, but it was difficult to fit all 
the content into smaller screens such as those of Pixel 2. A potential solution is to decrease the gaps between elements
to fit everything.


April 2 Tuesday
We had a small group meeting to catch up on our code and progress. The login feature is complete with firebase authentication.
The calendar feature and the user profile were also complete, but still disconnected with firebase. The journal entry feature
was able to provide prompts, display date, and allow text input. Also, the send message and receive message functions were
also created. We all ran into the issue of a duplicated margin below the top action bar, but we were unable to solve it.


April 5 Friday
We met with our mentor. She helped us with solving the margin bug, along with many other issues. Lisa assisted everyone in setting
firebase up for their independent parts, and also invited our collaboration on firebase, so we all can view the realtime databse.
We set out to complete integrating firebase, as well as integrating our parts before the end of sprint.

